nrf5340 qspi xip sample migration to DTS partitining (#29680)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/nrf5340/extxip_smp_svr/README.rst

* Using the project's CMake file which describes relocation of certain libraries or objects to an external XIP area.
* Using a linker script that describes the external QSPI area.
  (The execution code from the external memory should link to it.)

> * Using devicetree memory maps in :file:`dts/` for appropriate flash partitioning.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Using devicetree memory maps in the :file:`dts` folder for appropriate flash partitioning.
```

The MCUmgr ``image upload`` command has the optional ``-e -n <image>`` parameter, which lets you select the target image for upload.
When this parameter is not provided, ``0`` is assumed (interpreted as the default behavior), and MCUmgr uploads to ``image-1`` (MCUboot's secondary slot).

Use the devicetree partition label for slot-to-``<image>`` translation:

    +------------------+--------+-------------+---------------------------+
    | Partition label  | Slot   | -n <image>  |       Firmware part       |
    +==================+========+=============+===========================+
    | ``image-1``      | slot-1 |     0       | Internal application part |
    +------------------+--------+-------------+---------------------------+
    | ``image-3``      | slot-3 |     1       | Networking                |
    +------------------+--------+-------------+---------------------------+
    | ``image-5``      | slot-5 |     2       | QSPI application part     |

>     +------------------+--------+-------------+---------------------------+

Reviewer 2: the label is not used, it would be the partition name

* :ref:`zephyr:mcu_mgr`

> Memory layout is defined in the sample devicetree files under :file:`dts/`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The memory layout is defined in the sample devicetree files located in the :file:`dts` folder.
```
